Add PR review comment command (#1960)
elastic/apm-agent-python: .github/workflows/README.md

1. Commit based
1. UI based, any Elasticians can force a build through the GitHub UI

> 1. PR review comment based, any Elasticians can force a full matrix test run through a PR review comment with the following syntax: `/test matrix`.

Reviewer: I think I was the one who introduced the `Elasticians` term in a few places, so let's use `Elastic employees` so it's clear for the rest of the OSS community 🙏 

```suggestion
1. PR review comment-based, any Elastic employees can force a full matrix test run through a PR review comment with the following syntax: `/test matrix`.
```
